How about buying a car with
details that you have chosen when
Speak in aston martin this is totally
possible to know better the powerful
sell your convertible manual or
robotic
you choose what you can do
also with body colors are 40
different 30 side
doors and steering wheel 15 panel colors 10
seat belt only and eight of the
and if you do not
like no one's in the loop
favorite aston martin does
it is impossible to find a
wind equal to the other né
each car is personalized this is the
philosophy of the famous English factory that
still leaves no doubt as to the
quality of materials
the finishing and finishing touches are like
be suitable for a model of these
reviews
the result of artisanal work in the
car montage business card template
take
the console a pen when opening the
doors slightly rises so as not to knock
on the wire and on the trunk
Umbrella but I did not find it
that they are only luxury and comfort emotion
accelerating is not lacking at all
even more a 4.7-liter v8 engine that
offers 426 horses and a beautiful
touch that allows high performance
the fame of taking all this with a good
that the extravagant direct of the
and even their games linked to
these predicates for those who like
to drive
ideal is the manual
rear axle for better
weight distribution has six gears
has quick and precise couplings
take advantage of all the engine power to the
who want more comfort there is
option of manual robotised
seven gears
but when used in automatic mode
disappoints it has that hiccups
during the exchanges that bothers
to minimize the problem you can do
the changes in the letters behind the wheel
there is between us the automatic
double clutch would be much more
suitable for a car of this suit
anyway both the pt and
convertible regardless of the type of
exchange rate reach 100 kilometers per
time in less than 5 seconds and only stop
us 290
despite this fury all v8 is well
elastic band allowing this parade in
low speed without problems opening
or close the hood by walking to 25
kilometers per hour
17 min my southern fight that only lasts
rafael and there I am single indecisive throughout
that the stability of the
funk is exemplary
if you abuse the electronic controls
help a flower the house in order more
can also be turned off
in terms of experience to master the
You want to take one out of the cage and
put in your garage
then start reserving the 720 thousand reais
to have the 1,765 coupe for the convertible
and balance to increase the check to
as you customize